README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">📦🔖</h3>
<h3 align="center">Build and Tag action</h3>

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action"><img alt="GitHub Actions status" src="https://github.com/JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action/workflows/CI/badge.svg"></a> <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action/"><img src="https://badgen.now.sh/codecov/c/github/JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action" alt="Codecov"></a></p>

---

A GitHub Action for publishing JavaScript Actions! It's designed to act on new releases, and updates the tag with a compiled JS file, using [`@vercel/ncc`](https://github.com/vercel/ncc). The process looks like this:

- Reads the `main` property in your `package.json`
- Force pushes `action.yml` and the above file to the release's tag
- Force pushes to the major version tag (ex: `v1.0.0` -> `v1`)

<img width="1005" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10660468/82084147-d894ca00-96b8-11ea-9a14-1640d6963213.png">

This repository even uses it! `@vercel/ncc` supports TypeScript out of the box 😍

## Usage

```yaml
name: Publish

on:
  release:
    types: [published, edited]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v2
        with:
          ref: ${{ github.event.release.tag_name }}
      - name: Install deps and build
        run: npm ci && npm run build
      - uses: JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action@v2
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ github.token }}
```

You can also use this action with other events - you'll just need to specify a `tag_name` (see below).

## Example `package.json` for your project

The two important thing you'll need to set in your action are the `main` field and the `build` script. Here's an example of a minimal `package.json` that will use `@vercel/ncc` to compile your action to `dist/index.js`, update your `action.yml` file to use the `node16` runtime and point `build-and-tag-action` at the compiled file:

```json
{
  "name": "your-action-name",
  "main": "dist/index.js",
  "scripts": {
    "build": "npx @vercel/ncc build && npx convert-action"
  }
}
```

Your `package.json` will probably contain a `dependencies` section, in addition to other fields such as `license`.

## Options

**tag_name**

The tag to update. If the workflow event is `release`, it will use the `tag_name` from the event payload. This option can be useful when using this action in a workflow with other actions that generate a release:

```yaml
- uses: fictional/releaser@v1 # Not a real action!
  id: releaser
- uses: JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action@v2
  with:
    tag_name: ${{ steps.releaser.outputs.tag_name }}
```

## Motivation

The [guide to JavaScript Actions](https://help.github.com/en/actions/building-actions/creating-a-javascript-action) recommends including `node_modules` in your repository, and manual steps to [following the versioning recommendations](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/blob/master/docs/action-versioning.md#versioning). There are anti-patterns there that just don't sit right with me; so we can enable the same workflow, automatically!

This Action is heavily inspired by [mheap/github-action-auto-compile-node](https://github.com/mheap/github-action-auto-compile-node) & [Actions-R-Us/actions-tagger](https://github.com/Actions-R-Us/actions-tagger). This is more or less a combination of those two Actions, meant to work together.

Commit message:

feat: adds support for multiple files in release by setting  prop in package json

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">📦🔖</h3>
<h3 align="center">Build and Tag action</h3>

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action"><img alt="GitHub Actions status" src="https://github.com/JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action/workflows/CI/badge.svg"></a> <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action/"><img src="https://badgen.now.sh/codecov/c/github/JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action" alt="Codecov"></a></p>

---

This is a fork of https://github.com/JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action, which seems to have gone stale.

A GitHub Action for publishing JavaScript Actions! It's designed to act on new releases, and updates the tag with a compiled JS file, using [`@vercel/ncc`](https://github.com/vercel/ncc). The process looks like this:

- Reads the `main` property in your `package.json`
- Reads the `files` property of your `package.json` to support multiple actions
- Force pushes `action.yml` and the above file to the release's tag
- Force pushes to the major version tag (ex: `v1.0.0` -> `v1`)

<img width="1005" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10660468/82084147-d894ca00-96b8-11ea-9a14-1640d6963213.png">

This repository even uses it! `@vercel/ncc` supports TypeScript out of the box 😍

## Usage

```yaml
name: Publish

on:
  release:
    types: [published, edited]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v2
        with:
          ref: ${{ github.event.release.tag_name }}
      - name: Install deps and build
        run: npm ci && npm run build
      - uses: JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action@v2
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ github.token }}
```

You can also use this action with other events - you'll just need to specify a `tag_name` (see below).

## Example `package.json` for your project

The two important thing you'll need to set in your action are the `main` field and the `build` script. Here's an example of a minimal `package.json` that will use `@vercel/ncc` to compile your action to `dist/index.js`, update your `action.yml` file to use the `node16` runtime and point `build-and-tag-action` at the compiled file:

```json
{
  "name": "your-action-name",
  "main": "dist/index.js",
  "scripts": {
    "build": "npx @vercel/ncc build && npx convert-action"
  }
}
```

Your `package.json` will probably contain a `dependencies` section, in addition to other fields such as `license`.

## Options

**tag_name**

The tag to update. If the workflow event is `release`, it will use the `tag_name` from the event payload. This option can be useful when using this action in a workflow with other actions that generate a release:

```yaml
- uses: fictional/releaser@v1 # Not a real action!
  id: releaser
- uses: JasonEtco/build-and-tag-action@v2
  with:
    tag_name: ${{ steps.releaser.outputs.tag_name }}
```

## Motivation

The [guide to JavaScript Actions](https://help.github.com/en/actions/building-actions/creating-a-javascript-action) recommends including `node_modules` in your repository, and manual steps to [following the versioning recommendations](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/blob/master/docs/action-versioning.md#versioning). There are anti-patterns there that just don't sit right with me; so we can enable the same workflow, automatically!

This Action is heavily inspired by [mheap/github-action-auto-compile-node](https://github.com/mheap/github-action-auto-compile-node) & [Actions-R-Us/actions-tagger](https://github.com/Actions-R-Us/actions-tagger). This is more or less a combination of those two Actions, meant to work together.
